Add a Help section (#4629)
PathOfBuildingCommunity/PathOfBuilding: help.txt

ctrl+6	Jump to notes tab
ctrl+i	Jump to import tab
ctrl+a	Select all
ctrl+c	Copy
ctrl+f	Show find/search box (e.g. unique item / tree)
ctrl+n	New build (in build selection menu)
ctrl+s	Save build to file
ctrl+u	Check for update
ctrl+v or RMB	Paste
ctrl+w or mouse4	Close Build (gives save prompt if unsaved)
ctrl+x	Cut
ctrl+y	Redo
ctrl+z	Undo
ctrl+BSP/DEL	Faster text delete
ctrl+ +/-/0	Zoom in/out/reset
F1	Open item/gem/etc in poewiki.net
F2	Rename item, set, etc.
e	On an equipped item will open it on the edit menu on the right.
ctrl+LMB	Enable/disable gems
ctrl+RMB	Enable/disable gems from Full DPS
mouse4/5	Undo/Redo path respectively (in build selection menu)
shift	while scrolling on a slider makes it 5 times faster
ctrl	while scrolling on a slider makes it 5 times slower

When creating an item either through item creator or adding an item pressing ctrl will add it to the first slot and ctrl+shift will add it to the second slot e.g. offhand for a weapon.

Passive Tree Shortcuts:

ctrl	Hide tooltips while held
p	Toggle node power
ctrl+d	Toggle stat diff display
PGUP/PGDN/MWHEEL	Zoom in/out (hold with shift to increase amount of zoom x 3)
ctrl+LMB	Zoom in on mouse cursor position

> hold shift	Enable "path trace mode" (show shortest path to mouse-overed-node)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hold shift	Enable "path trace mode" (nodes highlighted will be added to a path which will be allocated when the final node is clicked on the tree)
```

1. Intro
2. Contents
3. FAQ
4. Hotkeys
5. Other
6. Timeless Jewels

---[FAQ][3]

---[Hotkeys][4]

> ctrl, ` = dev consol

Reviewer 2: `consol` -> `console`
